# fossBodyBuilding

fossBodyBuilding is a libre workout tracker app for Android.
This software is currently under active development and is not ready for release.

## Framework7 CLI Options

Framework7 app created with following options:

```
{
  "cwd": "/home/nyancat/Code/fossBodybuilding",
  "type": [
    "cordova"
  ],
  "name": "fossBodyBuilding",
  "framework": "core",
  "template": "split-view",
  "bundler": "vite",
  "cssPreProcessor": false,
  "theming": {
    "customColor": false,
    "color": "#007aff",
    "darkTheme": true,
    "iconFonts": true,
    "fillBars": true
  },
  "customBuild": false,
  "pkg": "io.drewhans.fossBodyBuilding",
  "cordova": {
    "folder": "cordova",
    "platforms": [
      "android"
    ],
    "plugins": [
      "cordova-plugin-statusbar",
      "cordova-plugin-keyboard",
      "cordova-plugin-splashscreen"
    ]
  }
}
```

## Install Dependencies

First of all we need to install dependencies, run in terminal
```
npm install
```

## NPM Scripts

* 🔥 `start` - run development server
* 🔧 `dev` - run development server
* 🔧 `build` - build web app for production
* 📱 `build-cordova` - build cordova app

## Vite

There is a [Vite](https://vitejs.dev) bundler setup. It compiles and bundles all "front-end" resources. You should work only with files located in `/src` folder. Vite config located in `vite.config.js`.
## Cordova

Cordova project located in `cordova` folder. You shouldn't modify content of `cordova/www` folder. Its content will be correctly generated when you call `npm run cordova-build-prod`.





## Assets

Assets (icons, splash screens) source images located in `assets-src` folder. To generate your own icons and splash screen images, you will need to replace all assets in this directory with your own images (pay attention to image size and format), and run the following command in the project directory:

```
framework7 assets
```

Or launch UI where you will be able to change icons and splash screens:

```
framework7 assets --ui
```



## Documentation & Resources

* [Framework7 Core Documentation](https://framework7.io/docs/)



* [Framework7 Icons Reference](https://framework7.io/icons/)
* [Community Forum](https://forum.framework7.io)

## Support Framework7

Love Framework7? Support project by donating or pledging on:
- Patreon: https://patreon.com/framework7
- OpenCollective: https://opencollective.com/framework7

---

## License

This software is licensed under the [GNU GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html), with exception for content generated by framework7 and cordova which are under their own (GPL compatible) licenses.

---

## Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains and gives information regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you utilize this application and the choices you have associated with that data. By utilizing the software you accept the terms and conditions of this Policy. This Policy applies to this software and the developer is not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any third party app not operated by the developer to which this software links or that links to this software.

### Information Collection And Use
Storage permissions are required for the software to function. This permission is needed to save user data, and import & export data backups.

### Types of Data Collected
None.

#### Personal Data
No personal data is collected while utilizing the software.

#### Usage Data
No usage data is collected while utilizing the software.

### Security Of Data
The user is solely responsible for securely storing and backing up their personal data.

### Service Providers
This software does not require any third-party service providers to function.

### Changes To This Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time as the functionalities of the software are further developed and improved and may contain disparities that will nullify this current policy.

---

## Disclaimer
fossBodyBuilding is a libre workout tracker app for Android. This software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind. The developers will not be held accountable for how you decide to use this software and will not be liable for any losses and/or damages in connection with the use of the software.
